fix: Disable create-reporting-task for NiFi 2.x and document regression (#708)
stackabletech/nifi-operator: CHANGELOG.md

  - `extraVolumes`
- Increase `log` Volume size from 33 MiB to 500 MiB ([#671]).
- Replaced experimental NiFi `2.0.0-M4` with `2.0.0` ([#702]).

> - Remove the automatic deployment of the PrometheusReportingTask for NiFi versions `2.x.x` and up ([#708]).

Author: ```suggestion
- Don't deploy the `PrometheusReportingTask` Job for NiFi versions `2.x.x` and up ([#708]).
```
